I think leadership is something that you never lose. Um, you can't delegate
necessarily the responsibility because as the leader, you bear
that responsibility. But what you can delegate is the opportunity for
them to showcase their skills and their opportunities to become a
leader in the future. And so with that, they get that opportunity to
to showcase that while you are still in the responsibility seat for
any mistakes because you're gonna give them permission to make mistakes
and to learn and to, um, kind of round those rough edges that
they have in their lives and then come alongside in private and to correct
and to shape and to mold Ah, that individual. So I think the
leadership is continuous from the one up Thio um, the highest admiral
in the fleet. I think we have all have those roles. We all have individuals
that are looking to us as leaders